Venezuela has been suffering for years a
constant battle for survival a need for
basic Goods poses very serious threats
for much of the public now we are
witnessing a society at the brink of
collapse the capital city is now a
complete war zone you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we will have our primary focus on
Venezuela and what has erupted let's
begin with this article here talking
about these major clashes that have
taken place on the streets we are
talking about the massive widespread
violence demonstrations protests call it
whatever you want but very very large
numbers of people are on the streets and
they are fighting back against the
government the military and the
government are hand inand in Venezuela
and we can see that going on right now
observers saw a long Siege ahead people
understand better that resistance will
take time political change will not be
immediate and the opposition party is
trying to get Maduro out but instead
Maduro has been clamping down they got
rid of the parliament SL Congress the
legislative branch imagine that the
legislative branch being
eviscerated and taking that power that
they had what would happen if you live
let's say in the US and they just
absolve the Congress I mean the Congress
is pretty much useless as it is but at
the very least you get this little
semblance of reality every so often but
no that wouldn't even be the case if
they were obs D and you would think to
yourself the people wouldn't stand for
that in my country wherever that
is that would not happen here but the
people of Venezuela aren't standing for
it but guess what it happened anyway and
they just go ahead with it they put the
military on the streets and they don't
give a damn what you think they'll Crush
people's skulls they kill demonstrators
they don't care more than 300 people
were arrested across the country during
Wednesday's protest according to the
nation's public prosecutor to foreign
channels
disappeared from the airwaves after
transmitting images of demonstrators
skirmishing with
police think about that oh you're
showing some of the information we don't
like we just disappear you what kind of
world is this that you can't speak the
truth and the people of Venezuela it's
not like they're being cowards or
anything they're taking it to the
streets unfortunately there's been a lot
of looting and things like this that
happen every single time and innocent
people are getting hurt or
killed but the point I'm trying to make
is that you can't even speak what you
want to you can't even do what you need
to because of what's happening right now
imagine that just imagine if you're
living you know let's call it a safe and
wonderful
life imagine tomorrow your city turned
into this and a lot of people in
Venezuela I mean it might be a different
situation than let's
say San Francisco for example karacus to
San Francisco okay you're thinking to
yourself okay it's not going to turn
like that but it happens faster than you
would ever think and I'm not saying it's
going to happen in any particular City
I'm just saying that look at this
example of what could happen the society
is completely collapsing around them the
government is seizing more and more
power and violence is spreading innocent
people are being hurt they have to eat
sometimes one or if they're lucky two
times a day because they can't afford
food because they can't get it because
of all the shortages and then they have
to go to the black market and surely
they can't afford those prices so
they're suffering but no there's a lot
of people out there who keep in their
heads keep saying the stock market is
rising the stock market is rising I'm
making my money I'm doing fine the
economy is just fine shut up you
fear-monger well I'll tell you something
the Venezuela stock market is rising to
new heights all the time it's doing so
well but guess what their currency is
worthless and that is the reason
and people don't get this they need to
understand what's happening in Venezuela
as a direct image to what could happen
to your country the current unrest
Rivals the 2014 wave of anti-government
protest that will held in the face of
the government Crackdown left more than
40 dead and it goes
on I'll show you a few connected
articles with that I mean this is
terrible what's happening general motor
says it will immediately halt operations
in Venezuela after its plan in the
country was unexpectedly seized by
authorities so you as a business you
open up your factory in that country you
have your workers there you're producing
there and all of a sudden the government
says this is now our Factory we will use
it for our purposes thank you very much
so you spend a billion dollars let's say
on opening up that factory you're hiring
people you're worrying about the health
and safety safety the regulations you're
doing business with the country and all
of a sudden that country says this is
now our
asset imagine that and that's what's
happening this country has gone into the
ground when you know that there they are
seizing assets of the foreign businesses
you know they've gone way too far
they're seizing The Bu local businesses
and foreign business businesses I mean
there's nothing of reality left it is
really terrible to see what is going on
boom and bust IMF estimates Venezuela's
GDP shrank
18% in
2016 I mean look at this and look 2017
is probably going to be even worse I
wouldn't be
surprised you
know the situation there there it's
multifaceted let's not just try and
blame one thing let's say it's the US
it's their fault there's a lot going on
there and I see that when they Tred to
provide Solutions it's just worse
everything is just worse the more
intervention in any country it just gets
worse and look at what's happening GDP
shrinks by
18% imagine in the country that you're
in if it shrink by 18% I mean there
would be complete chaos in the
streets not unlike what's happening
there right now Venezuela in inflation
surging they're saying up to as much as
72% in
2017 whereas earlier estimations by the
IMF said that for 2016 if I'm not um
mistaken either way it doesn't matter I
would probably say that it's
higher it's a hyperinflation and that's
all that matters the currency is
essentially
worthless and there is nothing that it
buys individuals
scrape together what they have and they
basically can't buy on the they can't
get things the legitimate way because of
all the shortages and they can't get
things through the black market because
it's too expensive because the currency
is
worthless they are in a very much of a
predicament right now and then segu to
what I had talked about
earlier with being uh shut down the
media
the FCC accelerated its deregulation
push under Republican control voting to
ease limits on broadcast TV ownership
and prices that large telecom companies
can charge businesses and governments
for bulk Broadband services so there's a
lot to this but essentially what I can
tell from this the worst thing about it
is that we can have major mergers that
go even
further I mean there is is
already so
much power and
control under the fewer and fewer hands
I mean they're
already talking the same things the same
talking points you hear every channel
you switch the channel you hear the same
message over and over again you know I
never really understood this until
recently but there are you know
Republican and there are Democratic or
there are liberal and conservative media
Outlets as if a person Tunes in you know
if I feel that I okay I'm a republican
so I'm going to tune in to this
particular Channel because the broadcast
Republican news they're all producing
the same message they're all they're all
given the talking points from one
Central head that's the way it is you
think that you can say whatever you want
on the mainstream media you can't even
say that in on the alternative Media or
your videos get taken off so do you
think for a second that they are able to
say whatever they want in the alter in
the mainstream media I don't think so
and the more we um you know shut that
down the more that we have uh let's say
these mergers and Acquisitions that take
place the worse that's going to get a
simple matter of fact
us authorities have prepared charges to
seek the arrest of WikiLeaks founder
Julian Assange us officials familiar
with the matter tells CNN I don't know
if that's going to actually happen we've
heard we've been hearing this basically
for for several years now all I need to
say is
that while there there is a reason why
you would want Julian Assange to be
arrested I could see that from the
government's point point of view
but it's something to think
about just like perfect example being
Edward Snowden if Edward
Snowden took government documents and
released them through the media to the
public and stating
specifically that the government has
seed control
and they have gone far beyond what their
intentions are to be and they are
basically acting Rogue if you want to
talk about it like that they're doing
their own thing they're not really uh
having the interest of the individual
and basically they're spying on
everybody is it you know are you a
whistleblower or are you a criminal
shouldn't that be seen as criminal
activity because you took the
information released it to the public
you know you could say okay it's private
information it's uh secure and then you
went in there accessed it illegally
releasing it to the public you know you
could say that but is the
crime what they say that it is like
you're you're the worst person that's
ever existed you should be executed in
all this
business you
know I don't really think so I think
under a fair trial
a jury would probably favor the
situation of both of these
individuals I think that it is very
brave it's
heroic but that's just
me I'll leave that up to you we'll see
what happens with Julian
Assange Subway restaurants closing a
whole bunch of their stores this is a
wave of closings that have happened in
the recent
years after the financial crisis we saw
major closings going on in the Housing
Industry we saw the financial industry
taking a huge beating
obviously and it really spawned off into
many other Industries many of those have
hired again but not to the degree I
believe despite what you know we're told
to the degree prior to the financial
crisis either way very recently we have
seen many different types of stores
mostly in the retail sector shut down
there are two reasons for this number
one the economy is doing poor let's face
it number two is that we are going
towards a different Trend a lot of
online stores like Amazon are putting
retail out of business
but we can see that you
know it's not all based on that Amazon's
not putting everyone out of business we
can see that's the trend but a lot of
these companies have their online
business as well so it's not like
they're you know stuck in brick and
mortar and that's that's
it it it's a trend you can see that you
know what's happening clearly but I
would just say that the overall reason
the major reason simply because the
economy overall there's Pockets once
again I have to say it every
time overall the economy is not doing
well and that's just the way it
is if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book is a lot about the history the
foundation and then what I do is I get
into the asset classes so I break down
into individual chapters each asset
class what it's all about how to get it
and why it's beneficial pros and cons
and everything else the new book is
familiar Concepts but it gets into
reducing your monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient what I call the money
GPS strategy so it's two very different
books in many
regards um if you're interested actually
in the Kindle versions I will tell you
right now Amazon really what happens is
I set a list price and then Amazon
decides whatever they want to sell it
for they could sell it for one penny if
they want right now they're selling it
at
$7.50 it's crazy cheap both of the books
actually if you buy them in paperback
they're more expensive I personally like
the paperbacks and I suggest you get the
paperbacks and even though they're more
expensive to be very uh transparent with
you I actually make slightly more from
the Kindle version so it's in my
interest in that way to suggest that to
you but personally I recommend the
paperbacks I think it's better to have
that in your hand and especially this
type of information you know may not be
allowed to be out there forever so it's
good to have the physical copies so
that's all for this
video take care